// jrocha3
// report.txt

1. From a user perspective, they are presented with a menu that has 5 choices. To add, subtract, multiply, divide, or quit. Each choice connected to a cnumber from 1-5, if they enter a different number that isn't between 1 and 5, then an according error message will appear. Once they select what they want to do (assuming it isn't to quit) theyare then asked to enter two numbers and the program will automatically do the desired operation. If the user attempts to divide by zero, an appropiate error message will appear. This process will go on until the user decides to quit by choosing option 5. After every other operation, the menu will appear again.
2. Internally, each operation has its own function, i.e. for additiont, there is a function that adds two numbers. The entirety of the main() program isunder a while loop including the print statements for the menu. The reason for this is so that the menu will print every time. The program will display the menu every time and ask the user to choose an option everytime. It is then followed by an if, else, and several else if statements. If the user enters 5, then the program will print "Goodbye" and it will break the loop. Since the main is really just a while loop, this also in turn ends the program. There are then a series of else if statment for options 1-4 and which call the appropiate operation function depending on what the user wants to do. They each have their own scanf funcations, and alll call on the same function which prompts the user to enter two values. If the user enteres a number that isn't 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5, then it is covered under the final else statement which gives the appropiate error message. THe else statement does not have a break, so that the user will have another oppurtunity to try again. Finally, if the user inputs 4 indicating tthat they want to divide, it first checks to see if they are trying to divide by zero with an if statement. If they are, it returns the appropiate error message and the ser will have to try the whole thing again, if not, then it calls the get_div function and preforms the operation.
3. I verified the output of the program by compiling it myself and  purposefully try to divide by zero or choose an option that isn't available  to ensure that the program will display the appropiate error message. 
